PROJECT 3

Implementation of Game front end: Lets users choose what game mode to play, and shows the game board based on user's choice. 2 hours
Implementation of Board front end and back end: Generates game board based on user's choice so users can play the game. The board interacts with the back end and shows the results. 16 hours
Design on the website: 3 hours

Implementation of Game Logic: Class designed to keep track of current state of game. 6 hours
Integrated Game Logic on top of Joe's original site layout. 3 hours
Gantt chart: Researched software and developed Gantt chart. 1.5 hours
Scrum log: Recounted Meeting discussions and dates. 1 hour
Auto documentation: Researched techniques to produce auto documented code. Updated comments to ease doc creation. 1.5 hours

Original board design: Designed the original board and made images for it to work. 4 hours
State diagram and use case diagram: 1 hour
Bug testing: Found bugs like Ai glitch or full column vs Ai glitch, etc. 1 hour

PROJECT 4

Click on board implementation: Allows users to drop disc without using buttons. 6 hours
Bugfix: Fixed a bug where Ai keeps running even after the game ended. 3 hours
Disc appearing when mouse is on the board: Users can see a disc at the top of the game board. 10 hours
Changed how the disc is displayed in the game board: Discs are displayed neatly on the game board. 3 hours
Design, style changes: Changed the design of the board, and the pages. 3 hours
Disc dropping feature: When dropping the disc on the board, a dropping animation happens. 12 hours
Integrating Ai and fixing bugs: Integrated new Ais so the users can play against it, and other Ais can too. 6 hours
New Select Players feature: Allows users to select Player 1 and Player 2. 6 hours
Tree based AI: Minimax. 6 hours
Alpha Beta pruning: prune decision tree to save time. 4 hours
Heuristic: Implement heuristic for ranking non-terminal games. 5 hours

User's Manual: Document that gives instructions on how to use the product. 1 hour
Deployment Plan: Plan on how to get our product into market. 2 hours
Maintenance Plan: Estimate cost of maintaining product. 2 hours
Bug List: Account for all known problems with product. 1 hour
Gantt chart: Update project 3 chart. 1 hour
Created Use Case diagram and state diagram-2 hours
Created Class Diagram- 2 Hours
